Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes. All three model architectures correctly classified the dog in the Dog_01 image as the correct breed (Yorkshire Terrier)


2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: Yes. All three model architectures correctly classified the dog in both images as the correct breed (Yorkshire Terrier)


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: Yes and No. The model architecture did correctly classify the Grizzly Bear image; however, none of the model architectures were able to correctly classify the image of the blackberry. 
AlexNet misclassified the blackberry image as a mitten, ResNet misclassified the blackberry image as mortar, and VGG misclassified the image as a gila monster.


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer: All three model architectures can accurately classify animal images; however, all three misclassified inanimate objects (Blackberry). I decided to test all three model architectures using an additional image, a jar of pickels, to see if any 
of the models might be able to correctly classify. All three models misclassified the jar of pickles. ResNet and VGG both misclassified the jar of pickles as "perfume / essence", while AlexNet misclassified the jar of pickles as a wine bottle. 

To summarize - I would recommend any of the 3 models to classify images of animals. I wouild not recommend using any of the three models for classifiying images of 
inanimate objects without additional training. 

I also do not recommend using pickles as perfume.
